01 Vinayak by Bhagya
    1. How do you create a nested directory structure in Linux.
    2. How do you move a file from one directory 
    to another and rename it at the same time?
    3. How do you search for a specific word and 
    replace it in a file while editing it in Vim?
    4. What is the difference between Nano and Vim editors?
    5. How do you split windows in the Vim editor, 
    explain the types of splits, and 
    how to navigate between splits?
02 Abel : presenter
Ayisha : Questioner 
    1)Expression to grant all permission to everyone:
    A) a+rwx
    2) what does a top command do?
    A) display the real-time process and system usage
    3) how do i move to the Beginning of the file in vim?
    A) gg 
    4)How can we extract the lines from 5-10 from a file 
    A) head -n 10 <filename> | tail -n 6
    5) Inside the nano editor what is the key to copy a selected line?
    A)Alt+6 
03 Pitchumani to Nimisha
    1.If the folder containing N number of files means. 
    which command is used to delete the all files in the folder? 
    2.explain the grep command
    3.which command is used for 1page up and 1page down in vim editor
    4.which command is used to find and 
    replace the text and explain the command? 
    5.Explain the mode of vim editor.
04 Minhaj to BHAGYA (Answerer) :
    1)Change permission to  all files in a directory? 
    2)Numeric notation for permission values? and 
    give an example to change permission using this? 
    3)Find and replace all word in a file in Vim? 
    4)Linux command to view processs by a user?
    5)Linux command to add new user ? And switch to that user?
05 Questioner (Dhaheen to Sana):
    1. Open multiple files in vim and navigate bw different files.
    2. How to copy and paste some lines in vim. 
    (add on: copy number of lines from current position)
    3. How to vertically split windows and navigate between splits.
    4. How to create user and set password together. 
    5. How to create and assign a user to a group.
06 Sreya to Dhaheen
    1) How we can give file permissions using numericals? 
    2) How to delete a particular line in Vim? 
    3) Explain different modes in vim editor? 
    4) Two commands to save and exit from vim? 
    5) How to select range of lines from a file and 
       write it to a file?
07 Vinayak to Sreya:
    1. How do you delete a line in Vim, and which mode should you be in?
    2. What are the 3 different modes in Vim editor?
    3. How do you undo and redo changes in Vim?
    4. What is a buffer in Vim, and how does it relate to the files you edit? How do you navigate between buffers in Vim?
    5. How is the echo command used in shell scripting?
08 Sana -> Minhaj
    1. find and replace a word in vim
    2. How to go to end and beginning of the line in vim editor
    3. In a file containing 30 line using cat display from line 10 to 20
    4. The purpose of $?,  in shell
    5. Why we use #!/bin/bash in script
09 Josh to Ayisha: 
    1. How is sed command used to send data to a file using line numbers?
    2. Where is Ctrl + w, w used and why is it used?
    3. What are all the associated commands with regard to tabs in vim editor?
    4. What is the numeric notation for assigning permissions?
    5. What are buffers and what are all the associated commands?
10 Nimisha: questioner
Venkidesh: presenter
    1)what is grep command in Linux? 
    2)what are the different modes of vim editor? 
    3)what you meant by kernal? 
    4)what is " {" key in vim editor? 
    5)what is ls-l command in Linux? 
11 VENKATESH To SOORAJ 
    1.What is ps and top commands in Linux ?
    2.How can you access user input in same line shell scripting?
    3.what is $$ and $! Command?
    4.buffers and also how to move to next buffer and 
    previous buffer commands?
    5.sed, head and tail commands in Linux?
12 Asked by Vishakh  to Athira:
    1. Command to replace a word globally from a file.
    2. Commands to open file vertically, horizontally.
    3. Command to add a user
    4. Create group and add user to group.
    5. commands to navigate through buffer
13 Sooraj to Pitchumani. 
    1.How we use equal and not equal comparison operator differently in comparing integer and string.
    2.what is $? In script.
    3.explain the mode of vim editor 
    4.How to set a number in vim editor.
    5.grep command.
14 [Athira] Questions I asked Josh are:
    1. What does chmod 664 file.cpp  mean?
    2. How do I display lines 10 to 20 of the file file.cpp?
    3. What is the command to copy and paste a line in the Vim editor?
    4. What is the grep command to find the occurrences of a particular word in a file?
    5. What are all the commands used to navigate through a buffer?
15 Abel To Nayana
    1 Command to undo and redo in Vim editor.
    2 Which command provides a real-time view of system processes and resource usage?
    3 Which command is used to change file permissions in Linux.
    4 Different modes in Vim editor 
    5 Replace all occurrences of the word  with another word in a file in vim editor. 
16 Nayana to Abel
    1. Command to undo and redo in Vim editor. 
    2. Which command provides a real-time view of system processes and resource usage?
    3. command is used to change file permissions in Linux.
    4. Different modes in Vim editor.
    5. Command to replace all occurrences of the word  with another word in a file in vim editor.